# SASEUL Whitepaper

## Artifriends inc.

### Disclaimer

This document has been prepared by the management of ArtiFriends Inc. and its subsidiaries (“we”, “us” or the “Company”) solely for informational purposes and is being furnished to a limited number of prospective investors who have expressed an interest in evaluating the Company’s proposed financing transaction. By reviewing or saving this document, you agree that you have been informed of the confidential nature of the information provided in this document and that you will treat such information as confidential. By receiving and accepting this presentation, you (i) acknowledge that you have read and understand this notice and disclaimer, (ii) agree to be bound by the terms hereof and to comply with the obligations set forth herein and (iii) make the representations and warranties set forth herein. You and your directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and affiliates must hold the information provided in this presentation and any update, supplementary statements made in connection herewith in strict confidence and may not communicate, reproduce, distributor disclose the any of same publicly or to any other without the Company’s prior written consent. You should not rely on this documentation to form the basis of any investment decision or as an inducement to enter into any contract, commitment or action whatsoever with respect to the proposed financing or otherwise. In all cases, you should conduct your own investigation and analysis of the Company and its business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition, perceived risks, market opportunity and any other relevant information. You represent to us that you are not relying on any information contained herein or any statement by making an investment decision with regard to the proposed financing transaction or otherwise. Neither we, nor any of our affiliates, directors, officers, employees, advisors or agents (collectively, the “Related Parties”) make any representation or warranty, express or implied, in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this presentation and any updates, supplements and oral statements made in connection herewith, or as to the achievement or reasonableness of future projections, management targets, estimates, prospects or returns, and the Company and the Related Parties expressly disclaim any and all liability for losses or claims arising out of or arising out of such information, including any errors or omissions there from. Any views contained herein of the terms of the financing transaction are preliminary only and based on market and financial conditions prevailing as of the date hereof, and therefore subject to change. The information contained in this document is based on financial, economic, market and other conditions prevailing as of the date of this presentation and are therefore subject to change due to unforeseen circumstances any time without notice. The Company has no obligation to update this presentation. This document may contain statements of intention, forward-looking statements, forecasts, estimates, assumptions simulations and opinions relating to the business, financial performance and results of the Company and/or the industry in which it operates (“Forward Statements”). Such Forward Statements, whether the views Company or those cited by third party sources, are solely opinions and forecasts which are uncertain and subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated by the Forward Statements. Neither the Company nor the Related Parties make any representations that the assumptions upon which the Forward Statements may be based are reasonable. Neither this document nor anything contained herein constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or financial instruments or participate in the financing transaction or any other transaction whether as investor or in any other capacity. This document does not constitute and should not be considered as any form of financial opinion or recommendation by the Company or any of its affiliates.
